Introduction : 
Evernote, designed to be humanity's second brain effortlessly organizes the vital information in your life and makes you live hassle-free. While you may forget, Evernote never does. Capture more than mere words and turn them into actions.

Purpose : 
Evernote aims to tackle the un-organized and time consuming note taking process. With audio notes, pictures , graphs and free hand images embedded into the application, Evernote sole purpose is to serve as a handy application to carry-out seamless task management.

Vision:
Evernote after its successful launch and utilization to its full potential , aspires to reaches a broad spectrum of audience across all industries. Helping people tame their work right from students to professional corporate teams. Evernote also desires to expand and widen its rage of services using all technical capabilities in power. Farther vision and mission of Evernote stays stable which is to organize and arrange daily tasks in order to make it seamless for all its users. 

Values: 
At Evernote privacy and security are our cornerstone principles which Evernote promises to follow at each milestone. Security shall stay the top priority during all its course of duration. With stringent measures and commitment principles safeguarding users data is not just a priority but a persistent goal.


End Note: In the journey of empowering users to lead an organized life, Evernote is committed to continuous excellence and improvements. We invite you to join us in taming work lives and achieving boundless productivity. 





Evernote was developed with intention of making it software as a service in mind. Evernote is intended for archiving and note-taking. It serves many purposes of being a calendar, task reminder, note taker , image builder for vital information. Users can subscribe to Evernote's services with the plan feasible to their respective self  and utilize its features seamlessly. Evernote offers the services to wider range of audience over different platforms like website services and phone applications for all operating systems. Evernote incorporates cloud repository, subscription based services and allows users to reap its benefits via internet even in the absence of a physical application. This primarily contributes to Evernote being a software as service. Unlike most note taking apps Evernote works on androids, Macs, windows computers simultaneously making it a highly efficient software service.
Thus in regards with  the web site services, Evernote follows the idea of being Software as a service .
 Whilst following this, the android and IOS application versions of Evernote make it a dedicated product line as well. Evernote aims to help corporate organizations and highly staffed teams with its teams version of the service where all users from a single team can simultaneously collaborate and access teams notes when needed. Using the application version of the service partly contributes to the concept of Evernote being a software as a product.




Journalist: 

Mathew, A 27 year old new age journalist works for a reputed media channel in Seattle as an investigative journalist. Mathew was raised in a family of journalists and news reporters. He was raised in an environment where interviews of renowned people and reporting of the interviews was an integrated part of their lives. Mathew often noticed that there were piles and piles of physical notes, log books , task reminders and memos in their house and his father spent half of his leisure time in organizing the physical records and notes. He was bound to do the same with on going journalist journey.Whilst helping his father,  Mathew felt the need of an automated note taking service that would make his  life hassle free. Mathew managed to find multiple services online that cater to different needs. One of the applications served as a note taker, one served as a reminder and the other as a Task memo. Mathew  understands the need of a service that can cater to these needs in one place and can organize his activities buying him more time to focus on his duty. He believes in new age technology and web services making daily activities a cake walk and hence is on the look out for his resource like Evernote. 

Pooja , an avid traveller from India has setout on a tour to witness the wonders across the world. Pooja works as a full time travel content creator on Instagram. She developed a passion for travelling right from the age of 10 and took mini tours across India since then. Pooja expresses in an interview that she carries a journal, calendar and some stationary along with her on every journey to help her plan the travel . she prepares a to- do list on the tasks notebook , carries pictures of the destination to best identify them and keeps physical notes about all the contacts that she needs for pain free accommodation on another notebook. Pooja understand the need for a resource that can help her in taking pictures, planning the itinerary and check tasks all in the same place. Pooja uses a Mac book and an android phone for her daily activities. Evernote being the diverse product offering services across various platforms, pooja could highly benefit from its wide range of services. 


Math Made Easy is a tutoring service founded by David. This organization is aimed at tutoring kids from the age of 7-15 in basic, intermediate and advance Math. David is the only tutor taking care of the organization . There are  35 students that are a part of this tutoring service. Day-to-Day Updates about class timings and important announcements about tests and assessments are  important parts of the tutoring. David understood that this kind of important information when given to the class in person, students take a note of it in their physical notes and forget about them later, as kids aged 7-10 are not very keen on remembering things. David does not want to risk the lack of students not  adhering to timings and missing out on important updates. David also wants to keep a track of student attendance to generate reports later. He is in search for a resource that he can share with his students as a communication channel where they get reminded of their tasks timely and he can keep a track on the attendance. Evernote can help him carry out his tasks hassle free.           

